Anything that they put like gold foil on or something.
I love it.
I just want that, whatever it is, unless it's like a steak.
Just give me that.
- I was gonna say anything, what about this?
Come down to Miami, they'll put gold on whatever you want.
- I want a sack of gold coins.
(upbeat music)
- How's it going?
- Good, how are you?
- I'm good, I feel we have a lot to talk about.
- Yeah, I feel like it's been forever.
And that was a pretty nonchalant little greeting I just said.
Like, good, how are you?
Good, how are you?
- Oh my God, Adam, it's so great to see you again.
Well, it has been a couple of weeks
because we skipped last week and then,
'cause we were traveling and then we did,
and then Sam, it had been a week before.
- Uh huh, uh huh.
- People haven't heard you in a while.
- I know, I bet they missed me.
Do you think they missed me?
- This is not my podcast.
- It basically is, you have a lot of guests
on very interesting conversations.
I pop in.
- I have stolen it.
- I have stolen it, yeah.
- It's fun, it's okay.
- It's like a public hearing guest.
(laughing)
- Yes, that's funny.
There's so much to talk about actually,
like an insane amount of stuff.
By the way, I'm gonna, this video,
like people who watch this on YouTube,
wanna make it like cartoons or something,
just to fit the current like theme of,
not the Ghibli style, 'cause that's overdone
and I don't wanna like, I don't know,
people might feel bad about that.
Just like some kind of like muppets or cartoons
or something, we're gonna be like South Park characters
or something, I don't know.
- I'm down.
Yeah, I saw some examples of that, it was pretty funny.
Unfortunately, the examples,
(laughing)
I did see it, so Andries and Horowitz put out
an example of like a clip from their podcast
that was like Ghibli-ified, Ghibli-ified?
- I have no idea.
- Yeah, none of us, all of us white people
are here trying to say the name this week.
Ghibli-blies, video, you know,
that thing I knew all about before this week.
- Yeah, and in the clip they picked,
I was like laughing so hard at it
because the person was literally saying nothing.
It was just like, you know, for B2C businesses,
like it's not, you might think that you have to really
do one thing, but you know, in times like this,
like you should really like, look at the data
and see, maybe you need to do other things, you know?
So we're not, we're not like really prescriptive
about what, it was just like the most nonsense.
I was like, I can't believe as a species,
we produce enough to allocate resources
for that person to sit there
and then just like, day a bunch of crap.
I think I'm being, I mostly think I'm picking
on this person a lot 'cause I'm pretty sure they're the ones
that made that MCP market map.
- Oh geez, yeah, if I see one more like MCP thread,
I'm gonna lose my mind.
- Yeah.
- Well, there is interesting MCP knows the news though,
like OpenAI did go, so it's gonna be the same.
MCP is gonna be the thing, if OpenAI accepted it,
that's probably like the last straw, right?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The protocol has been fixed to--
- Oh yeah, they made it worse now.
- Yeah, yeah, it has all the stuff in it.
So, and everyone's like jumping on the server side.
It's funny 'cause me, Jay and Frank have had so many
conversations about this thing we're building
for OpenControl being like, from every angle we analyze it,
we're like, this is the opposite of anything we'd ever do.
And we have so many reasons to not do it,
but we're gonna do it anyway.
Like it just seems like a bad idea in so many ways
just because-- - The client side of it.
- Yeah, 'cause I'm like, 'cause like,
why would we compete with TAD GBT or Anthropic
or like these flagship AI products
are gonna have millions of users?
- Yeah, I guess that's who you're competing with.
Yeah, okay, so on the client side, yeah.
- It doesn't make any sense.
But at the same time, we're just like,
people wanna use this like with their team
and set it up and like add their team members and just--
- Yeah, it fits great into the OpenControl thing
fits great into an SST app, like that's fantastic.
- Yeah, and even outside of it like,
'cause the thing that we've been debating about
and we are building now is a hosted version,
so you just sign up and then you can connect your AI account,
connect whatever with having to do all the SST stuff.
But yeah, we're just like,
I don't think chat GBT's gonna build like,
chat GBT for teams where you can like,
have different environments and like different tools.
It's just like, it's such a dumb idea.
We're just like adding the basic SaaS stuff,
like teams, environments, permissions to a client.
But it's like so useful and we want it and everyone wants it.
- And you guys, you have this great distribution channel
into a bunch of actual companies that use SST.
Like, you kind of have this natural,
like if it's a thing that every startup would probably
wanna use or every legitimate company that uses SST,
then like, it's a product you should probably build
because you got all these customers ready for it.
- Yeah, and that's like the plus side,
but like, we generally are pretty extreme
when deciding on what to work on.
We're like, if somebody else should do this,
we're not gonna do it.
Or if somebody else decides to do this
and it's obviously gonna be better,
we're not gonna do it.
'Cause we're like, yeah, some YC company out there,
if they just decide, oh, 100% time
we're just gonna focus on this thing.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that's gonna be better than what we do
'cause it's like a side thing for us.
So, we like understand that, but at the same time,
like nobody's doing it for some reason.
We're just focusing the server side
and nobody's on the clients.
And like, all the clients are still like,
like we're using it through Cloud Code,
which is like totally inaccessible for most people.
Then the next level up is Cloud Desktop.
And OpenAI also said they're only supporting MCP
on OpenAI Desktop.
And I'm just like, why?
Just making a web app, like we're just putting it in the web.
- Why is there just a host?
- Yeah, why not just a website?
That doesn't make sense.
- Yeah, well, I think it's 'cause all the MCP servers
right now require like a thing to spawn.
- Local, yeah, why?
I still don't understand that either.
- It's again, just a stupid way
that the protocol emerged.
Like, that's obviously like a temporary thing.
Eventually, linear is gonna have a slash MCP.
- Yeah.
- Linear.com slash MCP, right?
- Yeah, the whole thing was so ass backwards.
Like the fact that the actual thing,
the MCP server, or I guess the client,
what, the thing that had to run,
like there's this stateful piece,
it had to run on like a long-lived server
'cause I have this long-lived connection.
That was dumb, which I know you said they fixed.
But then also that all these things are local
and like assumed to be local.
And then like, oh, this one's a hosted one.
Why are they all hosted?
I don't understand why we were so dumb suddenly.
It's like we forgot everything about the web
and HTTP requests and we were like,
let's just pull something totally different.
- Yeah.
- I get why it makes sense for some things to be local.
Like obviously like a tool that reads the file
of your file system, okay.
That makes sense protocol and you need to support
that kind of thing.
- Yeah.
- But like getting someone to be some random person
that's not engineered to be like,
oh yeah, you gotta put in to your settings
and cloud, NPX, blah, blah, blah, whatever.
Oh, by the way, you have to install Node.js.
Like what the, this is like--
- This is not consumer ready.
- We were coming in from this angle, but yeah.
I think it'll all end up in the correct place.
It's just like the ordering is like really random to me.
- Yeah.
So I want to pick your brain on this actually.
Those are some like very crazy convergence
that's happening here.
Like my next task at Samus is I'm trying to automate
some of our support stuff 'cause we get a lot of support emails,
a lot of the same stuff.
My co-founder has seen open control stuff you've been tweeting.
Like he follows us on Twitter and he's very excited
about doing that stuff with our internal analytics,
just being able to like ask questions and get answers
'cause it's just so much better than like we have
like a quick site dashboard that's kind of a pain in the ass.
- Yeah.
- So the question I have for you, like my next task is
to like do this stuff and I immediately,
I'm like, great, DAX is doing this.
I'm just gonna use open control.
The thing that I don't, like if we want to build agents
that aren't just prompted by us, like prompted by events,
like an incoming email,
is that a thing that you see open control dipping into
or is that a totally different use case?
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause it's like, it's even for us,
it's been so unclear about what is open control
'cause initially it was like a way to find tools,
but that was temporary because you couldn't run this stuff
in the Lambda, you know, and we knew that was gonna be temporary.
You know, MCP fixed it, so eventually, you know,
tool definition is gonna just be using the MCP SDK.
So it turned out, okay, open control is just a client.
It's just the front end part because for some reason,
everyone is like, you have to install desktop app taxes.
So we have to build client to make it available on web.
But it's like, what is a client?
It's just a for loop.
It's literally just a for loop calling the model
and the model has all the magic built in.
So there's not much for you to do besides to use it correctly
and render stuff in an interesting way.
- I keep her into that 'cause I, you know, it's a for loop
but I need to better model that in my head,
but you can keep going first.
- Yeah, well, I mean, I think it's worth explaining.
So I think what was interesting about Cloud Code is
you give it a task and it like does many, many, many steps.
Try one thing, if it works, we'll try the next thing,
if it doesn't work, it'll like try something else.
And maybe it's obviously in hindsight,
but it felt like, oh, Cloud Code is doing,
that's like a feature of Cloud Code, you know?
That's like, that's a thing of it.
It's like helping you, it's letting you,
it's giving you access to this like multi-step AI capability.
But it turns out that's not a feature of Cloud Code at all.
- That's just the model.
- They do a bunch of like nice UX things.
Yeah, it's purely just, Cloud Code is just the UX
of accessing it in your terminal.
All it does is take your query, send it to the model remotely.
The model replies back saying, hey,
can you call these tools and give me the result?
Cloud Code needs to call the tools,
which in this case, you know, read a file,
run a bash command, whatever.
Prompt the user to make sure that this is allowed
all that like client facing stuff.
Get the result, send it back to the model,
then the model replies to the next step.
Run it, send it back and forth.
And eventually the model's like, I'm done.
- Okay, I need to go slower for the people in the back.
I'm one of the people in the back.
'Cause I think you have some knowledge
that maybe is helping you just like go pretty fast for this.
So I wanna walk through it from the beginning.
So, Cloud Code or any of these, I guess,
Accursor Agent or whatever, it starts with your prompt.
Like I'm imagining one big like text file
or markdown file or something.
And at the top of it is my prompt.
It sends that to the model immediately.
So I'm just saying, starting.
- Yeah, along with the list of tools that are available.
- Okay, so it also sends the list of tools.
Okay, that's interesting.
'Cause I didn't really understand how MCP works.
So it sends it to the list of tools,
which has like some metadata
about like the different parameters you can pass in.
- So they add a tool name, description of what it can do,
the schema required to call it, yeah.
- And then the response back on that first call,
is it more text or is it like always JSON?
Is it like how, what is the mechanism
that it informs the thing, how to call the tool?
- It'll almost always have text.
So there'll be one part of the response will be the message,
which is like the text being like,
"Oh, I'm gonna try this."
- Yeah.
- And then it also contains a list of tool calls
it would like to happen.
- And those are formatted how?
- So it conforms the schema you sent up originally.
So it'll say the name of the tool,
it'll say, and then it'll give you the exact arguments
to pass the tool in the schema that you can train it to.
- And is this part of the MCP protocol,
like that is the definition in terms of those tool calls,
or is that totally different?
- No, the MCP spec is just a way to hit a server
and be like, "Hey, what tools are available in the server?"
And then call those tools.
- Okay.
Okay.
- So it's actually no different than an open API spec
where you hit slash doc
and it gives you back everything that's available.
- Yeah.
- And then you can call those end points.
It's no different than that.
- That's the MCP, okay.
So, oh no, I'm one of those people.
I probably tweeted something about MCP during that week
and I'm one of those people that doesn't actually know
what it is.
- I think you only made fun of it.
- Okay, good, perfect.
I'll just stick to that policy on Twitter.
Just make fun of that.
So, okay.
So after that call, then it's literally like making API calls
basically into these tools,
whatever that interface is into the tools.
It's getting the response back, like standard in,
like what are these tools sitting back in HTTP response?
Like what is the response from the tool?
- And so now the client's job is to call the tools
for the client, the miles that they can call the tools.
Now the client's job is to call the tools.
There's a spec in an MCP to be able to call a tool.
- Okay.
- So it just hits the MCP server,
whether it's through web or whether it's through standard in
for like the ones that spawn locally,
like we talked about,
it's like kind of stupid that all of them run locally.
- Yeah.
- The transport protocol places doesn't matter, right?
It's just sending a command to call the tool.
And the MCP server itself runs a tool.
So the server's remote, like linear MCP server,
it might query their database internally
and that's in the results back.
If it's local, it might read a file.
- Do MCP servers, like when you define an MCP server,
do you define the response shape as well?
- No, no.
So the MCP server--
- Are they always just--
- Oh, there's no, nothing in the spec about response shape.
Because--
- It's just text assumed, or could it be binary, like what?
- Yeah, it's just text.
It can literally be JSON, it can be text,
it can be like anything and you don't have to define it
at all because LMs are super flexible.
They get a response and then they know what to look at.
- And that's where I was headed.
So basically this client makes the tool calls
and then just dumps whatever comes back from that tool,
whatever it is, into the big file I'm imagining
where our problem's at the top.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So it's just building up this huge file.
As you go, that's kind of the idea.
It's what you get the feeling with Cloud Code.
Like, it's kind of like, it's truncating a lot of stuff.
It's not maybe formatting it the way it's actually in the file,
but you kind of get the sense
that you're just working through this big, long file.
And that's where eventually you hit like a context limit,
I guess the longer you use one session.
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause it feels very inefficient.
Like every single iteration of this,
it sends the whole thing back and forth.
It's not like you create a session
and you like append to it.
I think these APIs probably will evolve to be more like that.
It's sending the whole context back and forth every time.
It's just like, it can be pretty large.
But yeah, that's what it does.
It sends it, then eventually the model stops.
At some point it'll respond without any more tool calls.
And it'll say, there's basically like a stop reason.
It's like, why do the model stop responding?
And for the first few iterations,
it'll say stop reason tool call.
I stopped 'cause I need to call a tool
and I need you to call a tool and tell me how to continue.
And I think there's another status that's like
and turn or something, which means like,
at this point, I'm done.
- Yeah.
- And specifically, anthropics and models,
specifically three, seven, it's very per,
it has a lot of perseverance.
That's like the feeling I get, right?
So it'll like try back and forth,
a loop bunch a bunch of times before giving up,
either 'cause it got an answer or like it's like,
I'm trying too hard and I'm not getting anywhere.
It'll give up.
Other models, most other models rarely do more
than one or two steps.
Like they just give up very quickly.
I've tested all the, I haven't tested the new Gemini model
that came out two days ago,
but I've tested all the other ones.
They give up pretty quickly.
Almost all of ChatGBT's models give up very quickly.
Oh, three mini, I think has his capability in it
and it's like comparable to Claude, but not as good.
- Yeah, okay.
- So yeah, it's just like a capability of the model
to know that it can keep trying.
- Well, they announced three, seven with Claude code,
didn't they?
I'm realizing now.
So I, okay, this makes me feel a lot better if,
tell me if this, if you think this vibes,
if this is true, no cap, for real, for real.
Just trying to decide if vibes was a way of like saying,
it's true and I was like, no, that's no cap,
but that's sorry.
(laughing)
So I was feeling like, man, I love Claude code.
I love being able to use my normal text editor
and I love just a CLI interface that interacts
with my file system.
Fantastic.
My main problem is feeling like the new models come out
and you want to try the new model
and if you're stuck on the anthropic model.
But now I kind of feel like maybe,
it just doesn't work with other models
because like you're saying that they give up too quick
and that's why three seven is how you use Claude code.
Yeah.
And I had the same feeling
because I also want to try different models
'cause we're trying to build this thing
and we're like, does everyone need to sign up for anthropic?
Like can people use super models?
So I had to build my own client to even test this
to be able to swap out the models.
Similarly, I think someone should just build
a Claude code type interface.
It should just be an open source thing, right?
There should be one.
Yeah, that's unplugable, right?
So these models will get better.
There will be cheaper models that can,
there's some trade off there
that will be made that might be a sense for a lot of people.
The innovation in Claude code is,
hey, let's build a terminal UI.
Yeah.
That's like, that's innovation, effectively.
It's not the model.
And it's good.
They move really fast.
Like I don't know if you follow the model.
Yeah, just constant features.
They did add like a VIM mode
'cause one of my big complaints is like,
I end up writing the text somewhere else
and then coming back in and pasting it
because it's just hard without VIM.
You're just in there in a terminal, you're used to it.
They added VIM mode.
It is like missing so many things I use.
And I'm like, I turned it off too.
It's totally useless to me.
Yeah.
Like, I don't even, I'm not smart enough
to know like what's classic VIM versus what's some,
like key map I have in Neo VIM that's not normal.
It's like, I just, I realized it's very hard
for anybody to ever add VIM support
that I'm gonna actually use.
You should just open up VIM inside.
Could they do that?
Oh, just inside the tube?
By multiplexing, which you know,
I'm one of the world's experts in it.
Oh, you are a multiplexer expert.
It's true.
There's room for a tool where it's like half of it,
it's like a VIM editor.
And then, yeah, or like, you know,
you can turn off the mode if you're accessible.
And that would be nice.
'Cause you write, you're writing a lot.
And you can imagine if the model just keeps getting better.
Let's say cloud four comes out and it's like,
oh my God, this thing's better than me.
You can imagine we're gonna spend more and more time
just writing prompts like this.
I know.
I hate to even say that a lot.
I feel like a prompt guy or like a prompt engineer truser.
I just always made fun of those people.
But you can imagine like, I would be typing more in cloud code
than I type in my actual editor.
And when that happens, I'm gonna need it to be good.
I'm gonna need to be able to fling some text around.
- Yeah, it's weird that typing speed
is suddenly back.
Back is a factor that matters, you know?
- Yeah, yeah.
- I'm typing out a lot of sentences lately.
- Yeah, it's, I mean, that you get better results
at least this current version with three seven.
Like you do get a lot better results
when you type out a whole lot of detail.
And it saves time still.
It's kind of like, well, if I'm gonna write out
all this explanation, why not just do it?
But it's like, no, this would be a really annoying task to do.
And it's much easier to write out a paragraph
and a bullet list, like, I'd rather do that than do the task.
So, yeah.
- I think the other thing I found is,
man, does it benefit from like mature code bases
with patterns?
Like, the terminal code base is very simple.
And we're like, we've been pretty good about,
it's like a pretty clean code.
It's like, probably one of the cleaner code bases
that I work on.
- Yeah.
- And cloud is so effective in there
'cause it just knows it's like so good.
- It's so good, yeah.
And then in older code bases, not so much.
- Yeah, not so much.
'Cause there's like older patterns
that you don't want it doing anymore
or like, it's like stuff that you don't use anymore
that it starts to like build on top of.
So, yeah, weirdly, it's all the same things as stuff
that would help with junior engineer.
Like a really clean code base helps the junior engineer a lot.
It's an exact same situation.
And I found that there's some of the me and Lizz are working on.
I realized that we should change
some of where we land on UI patterns
because putting a little bit more effort
into making more consistent UI patterns,
more composable UI patterns.
If you have that in place, like cloud is so good
at just building new features.
Like there's so many feature requests I see
for that C console where I'm like,
if that C console was like 30 or 40% better,
like in terms of stuff we need to clean up,
this is just like a single message I send to cloud
and the whole feature would have gotten built.
So, my motivation to fix tech debt
is a lot higher now.
- Yes, that's exactly how I feel at my day job.
It's that means like we wanna,
I just wanna aggressively, using these tools even,
make the code base modern, use all the same kind of patterns.
Like a lot of the stuff we do with terminal.
I just want it to be as effective in that code base
'cause it's not when it's kind of,
when you let things go or it's just older patterns
that you're trying to move away from
and you're half migrated.
Like that kind of stuff is just a nightmare.
But yeah, I've noticed that as well.
Terminal code base, it does a really good job.
- Yeah, yeah.
Like in the console code base,
we're like halfway between two databases
because we're moving to Postgres.
And like, yeah, it just gets confused.
Or like it starts, I'd like tell it to,
oh, like make sure you update both
and make sure you sync the data.
But it's just like a lot more work for it.
- Yep, yep.
- Yeah, so I'm pretty excited about that.
The other thing from this week is,
'cause I think this whole episode's gonna be AI related.
- Yeah.
- Azure.
- Everything from here on out, we should just rebrand.
- All of my thoughts, all of my thoughts,
every single day I've just been about AI.
I don't think I've, it's crazy.
- I mean, all of my thoughts about work,
I do have other thoughts, Casey, in life.
But like work related thoughts, it's AI.
I mean, really, like, it's just,
it's not gonna get any slower.
Things are just gonna keep happening faster.
It feels so cool to be able to watch it all unfold.
Like, you just know there's another frontier model coming
and you need every couple of weeks.
Like, there's all these companies competing.
It's just like seeing the steps up
and then something big will happen.
Even like, after all the, what, two years of AI hype
and things been going on, has it been two years?
I don't know, when was Chad JBT first out?
That was kind of the big first moment.
My point is, after all that time, whatever it's been,
then you have a moment like this week
where this image model comes out
and it's like still blowing us all away
and it feels like the original Chad JBT moment.
Like, this is crazy.
- Yeah.
- It's nuts.
It's very exciting.
It's pretty fun.
But the reason I was saying all this is because,
I knew some of my posts today.
Me, then you, then Prime,
just all three was independently poked-replet.
- Oh, really?
I didn't see Prime did.
I knew you had before.
- So, like a few weeks ago,
I posted something about how competitive
the V zero bolt lovable category of product is.
There's like so much competition there and it's like,
it's really intense.
And I was commenting on that.
And a bunch of people replied being like,
oh, like an also a replet.
And I thought about it and I was like,
you know, I've only ever heard replet
being mentioned by VCs, really?
And I posted that.
I just, you know, the same thing.
I'm like, this is really just a fact about myself.
Like, it's just not the major.
- Yeah, I didn't say any negative.
Like, I didn't even say any negative.
I just said, I don't.
I don't know a single person that uses it.
And I hear about it too much on Twitter
from like the founder to not know anybody that's ever used it.
I literally hardly know what it is.
I guess I know it's in that category.
It helps you with the cursor kind of, maybe.
I don't know.
- It's, it's, so I posted that then.
And to be fair, like I knew it was like,
obviously it's provocative.
I'm not gonna be.
- Yeah, I mean, it's better.
That's what we do. - I'm not gonna be that.
Yeah, I'm not gonna say it's not.
And I know the CEO's like a hothead.
So he--
- I did not know this.
He quote tweeted me being like, is this Hader, like fellas?
Is this Hader correct?
Prove him wrong or something like that.
And then, you know, what people were applying being like,
I use Replet and I love it.
I'm a big fan of Replet.
Like I use Replet every day for blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
- You picked the profile VC.
No joke.
I did that.
I went to his page and I was like, man, am I just missing it?
Like, are these people?
Cause he kind of replied to me and it was whatever.
I actually don't really understand what he was saying to me.
He said, I just said, I don't know a single person
that uses Replet.
And his answer was like, let's keep it that way.
- I'll just keep that way.
- And if I don't actually know what that means, like--
- I think he's like, I don't even want you knowing
about Replet.
- Like he doesn't want me as a customer.
Okay, it's like, let's keep it where I still don't know
any single person that uses Replet.
That sounds like a bad deal for your business.
You should probably want me to know some people that use it.
I went to his page and I was like trying to see, you know,
people that praise Replet, cause it retweets them.
And two of them were actually VCs.
And I just think that's really funny.
(laughing)
- Yeah, it's true.
It's just like a VC thing.
Well, I mean, they're also like,
they raised that like a 1.2 billion valuation
during like peak, crazy time was like,
one Saudi money was just everywhere.
- Yeah.
- I think they had like $3 million ARR at that point.
I didn't seeing like the level--
- The people use it.
- Yeah, people use it.
Like it's used.
It's like, a bunch of people use it.
It's true.
But at the same time, it's a place you go
and you get free compute.
So it's like, what does usage even mean?
Like they're just giving away free compute.
- Yeah.
- And like, of course, they've done some interesting things
in the product too.
I looked more into it.
But again, it's just funny that despite all that,
you are competing with V zero, lovable bolt.
And I like, just don't give you guys
mentioned as much in relation.
- Yeah.
- That was my point, right?
- Mm-hmm.
- But of course, a bunch of people,
and one specific reply was like,
oh, these people don't like replying to the CEO
kind of supporting him being like,
oh, he doesn't get it referring to me.
People don't realize that like,
this is one of those posts that's like,
oh, people haven't realized how good AI is.
And I'm just like--
- I hate that, I hate that so much.
- It's just like, you fucking moron.
I am looking at this stuff as much as you are.
- Yeah.
- It's not more.
I'm probably doing more than you are in this space.
- Uh-huh.
- Anyone that, it's just like, people are so excited
to be like, hey, I know something.
They assume that anyone having any kind
of slightly opposite take is like,
totally cool as in loss and can't do the future
while they can.
- Uh-huh.
- And it's like, it's just so annoying.
I find that so annoying.
- You brought this up before,
and now I've had this experience as well,
where the people will also assume,
you're like this like 15 year software engineer.
I care about code quality.
That's all I care about.
You're just making bad code, and I make good code.
Like if you've ever looked at anything I've contributed
to open source or on the public internet,
I do not care about code quality.
(laughing)
It's not even a little bit.
So please, don't label me as a non AI,
like AI hater that just cares about the quality of code
for the quality of code sake.
Like I don't care about products or making money, just code.
That's the people, they label us as that.
- Yeah, they figure out the most stupid,
like exaggeration of the opposite side,
and they like pop you under it just so,
'cause like yeah, you don't have any intelligent thoughts,
so you can only win the argument
if you make the opposite side look stupid.
What's so funny about what you just said
is think about the first half of our conversation.
We're in super deep trying to like make,
to get the most out of these LMs,
and we've discovered that code quality actually
don't matter, like turns out like,
yeah the LMs are formed better when you're more organized,
and we're now trying to be even more organized
than we were when we were like not using AI.
- Yeah, that's a good point.
- This is a kind of like counterintuitive thing
that shows up when you're actually doing stuff
versus just being some person being like,
I know the future and nobody else does,
but you're not actually doing anything.
- If they're gonna bucket us like that, let's bucket them.
They're just these like.
- Unemployed.
- Unemployed, no life, like big idea guys.
And is that how you get big idea guys?
- They don't even have big ideas.
- They think they have big ideas,
and that they've just been screwed.
- You know what they are?
- What?
- Sports fans, they're huge fans, they're giant fans.
But they have literally have never even touched a ball.
- Yes.
- And they think that if they are big enough fans
of a pro athlete, they're effectively
like the same as a pro athlete.
- Yes, they're lumped in there
with the successes of their team that they cheer on.
That's a good call.
- That's what it feels like to me.
- I don't know why there's this group of people
that seem to think like they're in the select few.
They're the chosen ones that will be,
they'll make it in the AI future.
And all you software developers that we've paid so much
for so long, you're all going to burn.
Why, I don't know why that's so attractive
to this group of people,
but they really think somehow they're going to be spared.
Like they're going to have this amazing life
where they live with the benefits of AI.
- Yeah, I don't get it.
- I'm developers, not those guys.
- If I, this is like so far from the truth,
but if I'm somehow pushed out of a space that I'm in,
I'm going to enter your space.
Like that's just what's going to happen.
- Perfect. And that's not going to be good for you.
- Yeah. Okay. Okay, I'm done.
I'm, let's just get that part of it out of our system
and we're going to move on.
- Yeah. Yeah. Pete Bergford messaged me today
and he had a funny observation and he's like,
"Man, bad week for CEOs on Twitter."
It's just like, "Oh wait, what else?"
Maybe I'm forgetting.
- The whole Guillermo seat with CloudFlare,
that whole thing.
- Oh, that was fun.
- I made a song out of Guillermo's first.
- Yeah, yeah.
- How good is that?
- That was really good.
There's a huge try to use your product.
(laughing)
- They really went at it.
That was some like no holding back kind of exchange
from like pretty big figures.
That was surprising.
- CloudFlare's had to help back a lot.
The CloudFlare's helped back a while.
No, I mean, Guillermo was taking a lot
direct shots of CloudFlare and CloudFlare's always like,
been like, "Well, we're the bigger ones
so we can't say anything."
And this time around, they went the other way.
- Yeah.
- We haven't done episodes since the vulnerability, right?
- The big.
- No, I don't think we have, yeah.
I mean, I wrote like my big summary on it.
I just think it was a game.
- Oh, okay.
Yeah, we can just not.
- Yeah, another situation where everybody involved
is just being annoying, both sides.
- Both sides, that's so many of the arguments.
I just feel like I really just like both sides.
I don't know where that puts me.
- All these people being like,
how could Guillermo not apologize to me
(laughing)
after this vulnerability, they handled it so badly.
- And I deserve an apology.
Where is he?
It's been 24 hours and we still haven't heard.
And then he eventually did apologize.
He goes like, "Oh, we missed the mark."
Guys, we missed the mark.
We're so sorry.
- Yeah, when they probably do apologize.
We're not happy still.
We're just never gonna be happy.
Maybe we just don't like people to act.
Is it possible we just don't like people?
'Cause--
- For us, me and you.
- Yeah, I just think I don't like a lot of people.
I definitely, I think I have tried hard in my life
to be someone that, and am I not seeing this way,
but to be someone that--
- I never just said it.
- Is it someone that's like, everyone sucks?
I'm better than everyone.
Like, I'm trying to be reasonable.
- It's so hard, yeah.
And nowadays I'm like, you know what?
I'm just better than all of you.
Like, I am better than most of you people.
Like, you suck.
All of you guys suck.
That is me, me and my friends.
We're all better than you guys.
(laughing)
- Oh man, we're doing something.
Something, some psychologist is listening to this
and they're like, classic, whatever the phrase is.
You probably know it.
You always know like the syndromes and the--
- Classic, being right-itis.
- Being right, okay.
Well, I'll take it.
What up, man, there's actually so many things going on.
We're gonna have to limit which things we can talk about,
which is unfortunate.
- I don't remember anything else, to be honest.
- Oh, okay.
Well, I mean, the terminal stuff,
we just did a launch week.
- Yeah.
- Launch weeks?
- Turns out.
So we were making fun of launch weeks.
I mean, the whole thing was like,
we're mocking a launch week.
And then I couldn't help but get a little pissed
when it didn't get that much traction.
I'm like, come on!
- Come on!
- I ended our fake launch week.
- Oh, wait, wait, Adam, but I have the best news.
I have the best news.
- Ooh, okay.
- Do you know who else did a launch week this week?
- Wait, who?
I don't.
- Exactly.
You don't know who else did a launch week this week, right?
- Did someone else do what?
- Someone else did a launch week this week.
And it didn't even worse than ours.
- Oh, well, who was it?
That'll make me feel so much better.
I'm gonna look at every one of their posts.
- It's gonna make you uncomfortable, I think.
- Oh no, is it somebody I'm friendly with?
Damn it, I actually always do this.
(laughing)
- I've lost friends over this part of this launch week.
- I do always do this, it was recent.
- What was recent?
- Recent, it was recent.
- Oh, recent, oh no, it's okay, that's the one.
Okay, so I just keep losing the friendship
of someone I wasn't really friends with.
They stopped following me on Twitter
and I still use Dracula and it just bothers me.
- That's not using Dracula.
Yeah, so recent had a launch week this week as well.
- That's so funny.
- And I was looking at, I saw their posts today
about something and I was like,
this didn't even worse than ours.
- Hey, that's so good, I'm so glad.
I mean, not for them, I feel bad for them,
but at least I don't feel quite as miserable
about how bad launch weeks are.
Well, it's not even like, like, oh, it's so bad.
It was just like, we could tweet something random
in between the launch week posts
and it would blow up and like do great.
It was just like, people just do not wanna hear
that launch week.
- Yeah, by comparison, it was much worse.
Yeah, it's just like, I think I've known
for a long time that launch weeks are bad because,
and maybe at some time they were good,
but just people's attention spans
and like the way the internet works now,
like you need like punchy, like hyper-relevant stuff.
That's like straight to the point,
you consume it very quickly.
And the launch weeks are just so slow.
They're so slow and like, it's very hard
to grab your attention.
- You're dragging 30 minutes of news out over a week.
So of course it's so good, it has to be.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Yeah, it's just like, it's also just like too much
navel gazing or something, like too much like,
we did things, look at us, like something on the back.
- Exactly, I mean, we were doing it as a parody,
so it was fine.
- We have a past for everything we do 'cause it's all fake.
- It's all fake, yeah.
Yeah, it's just funny that like, I don't know,
so I mean, okay, so to, and we talked about this already,
but we actually didn't like intend to do a launch week.
We just had way too many half-starter projects
and we needed to force them all out.
We can go back to focusing on one thing
at a time, which I really want to do.
- Yeah.
- Moving forward.
- As long as it's the one thing I want to do,
then yes, I agree.
- Do one thing.
- Yes.
- Do one thing at a time.
- So that's why it was like an excuse to get that out.
And then this whole thing where,
I can't figure out how to articulate it.
So there's something so funny about us doing it
because we think companies are stupid for doing it.
And then we just so deeply experienced
the stupidity personally of it.
It's a point where I felt bad about the launch week,
but I'm like, no, this is a joke.
It wasn't supposed to work.
- I know.
It's so stupid.
- And also our sales were like incredible for me.
So like the end thing did work.
It's just weird by comparison where we post a stupid tweet
and it gets like five exit impressions
as anything on our launch week.
- It really was a lesson for all of you out there.
If you have a startup,
just maybe don't do launch weeks anymore.
Let's just make it the new trend
where we just do like a day, a single day, a launch day
and just pack it all into that one day,
make it really punchy,
make a really cool video
where there's stuff exploding or something.
No, whatever the kids need
to get their brains engaged on Twitter anymore.
Just do that.
- Yeah, yeah, exactly.
- We learned the lesson.
- I'm looking forward to finally,
I mean, it feels good.
There's a clear all that stuff hanging over heads.
- Yeah, for real.
- Like ask extension, the Europe stuff.
But now we can just focus on just the next thing coming up,
which is react Miami.
And I'm making sure that's really good.
- Yeah, I feel like I'm so exhausted and just like--
- Yeah, it's like a lot to do there.
- Yeah, it's real slow.
- I don't think there's so much to do.
- Oh, good.
- I mean, I'm always, but that statement
is basically always wrong.
So maybe I shouldn't say it.
- Yeah, it really is.
- Yeah, so I guess I'm breaking this to you on the podcast.
Why not?
I'm gonna come.
I can't be there for seven days.
- I'm sorry.
- That's fine, yeah.
- Okay, it's difficult to pick the days,
like how, what stretch is the most important stretch?
- Do the first half, I think.
- That's what I think, yeah.
So I'll be there for the Monday and Tuesday activities,
which are, I think, the most important.
- Yeah, yeah.
- So I'll come Sunday and then I'll, yeah.
Okay, so I'm gonna miss, like, the conference,
(laughing)
which I'm fine with.
I mean, Michelle, that's a great job.
Conferences are cool.
- I need to meet you, basically.
- It doesn't need me.
There's nothing there that like--
- The conference does not need you.
- Needs me and my family needs me.
So anyway, yeah, that's gonna be
just a little breaking news for you there.
- I think what I really liked about,
I mean, the other thing I was gonna do this week
is prime siege and all those people were locked in a tower
in terminal tower, so in their game.
- 24/7 streams.
- Yeah, and I think what was really good,
which I didn't really understand going into it,
was those recap videos they do every day.
- Where are you seeing those?
I didn't see them.
- They're on YouTube, they're on primes YouTube.
And they're so funny.
They're really funny.
They're a little bit too long for me,
but-- - Yeah, I saw you complimenting them.
- I burst out laughing a bunch of times, yeah.
- And I just had to not smile
'cause I did not actually know what you were talking about.
- Yeah, yeah, so they do these recaps,
which is all like behind the scenes footage,
cut together, and they do like the reality show,
like a confessional thing,
where they're like talking to the camera.
- Are they shorts?
- It's just one long video.
It's like, back to back, like short clips.
- Primes other channel.
- And I'm like, we need to do that for React Miami,
where we have cameras on us the whole time, basically.
And, you know, we're just capturing
like all the stupid stuff we could do.
- How are we gonna do that?
We need somebody like doing that.
- He's gonna do that.
So I'm gonna talk to Began this week,
'cause he basically figured that out for them.
- Yeah, yeah.
- And we have like, we have some people coming already,
it's gonna, they're gonna help us with that,
but we might just hire someone full time.
The, the super based people linked me
to the guy that they're using,
and he is really cheap.
So I'm gonna see if that's like an option, huh?
- What is it, the prime time agent?
What, what is this other YouTube channel?
- The prime time. - It's the prime time agent.
Oh, wow, his, the prime time agent channel
is way bigger than his original channel.
It's just called the prime,
oh, it's called the prime time agent, you're right.
- The prime time agent, but it's the prime time.
- The prime is the name.
- Oh my God.
I didn't know he was getting close to a million
on that channel.
Like, I thought the other one was so bigger,
but that was probably the information from years ago
in my head.
- So what I wanna do is to treat React Miami
as a way to kickstart our YouTube.
So if we just make these daily things like this,
and we post them just on our YouTube and nowhere else,
that'll help us at least start to build up
some kind of audience.
- Yeah.
- But yeah.
- It was like little blooper type things.
There was a line that Ben delivered from Crazam,
Ben and Crazam.
He goes, they're making, they ask me if he's lefty.
And he's like, what, no, I'm not lefty.
Like, while they're, like, while they're working.
- Yeah.
- And it's like kind of funny interaction.
And then it cuts to him.
It cuts to him, like in a different room,
like talking to camera, being like, I'm not lefty.
I just like to ride the mouse goofy.
(laughing)
I found out the way he delivered it was so funny.
- Oh, that's funny.
Like a skateboarder.
- He's like funny hand gesture.
And he's like, he's like naturally like so funny.
- He's so funny.
I love that guy.
- Yeah.
So just stuff like that.
- He's gonna be, he's gonna be in Miami, right?
- Yep.
He's gonna be staying with us.
- Yeah.
- So yeah, I think there's just a lot of opportunity
for hilarious stuff.
And all of it just needs to be captured and cut up
and uploaded. - Yes.
- And I think it'll do really well.
- We really need to hire some, we're looking to hire.
If you're a podcast listener and you're below the age of,
I'm sorry, this is discriminatory.
But if you're below the age of like 28.
Is that if you have the energy in the sense of theory?
- Energy, okay.
- And the, you know, someone that typically would be
considered a Zoomer.
- Yeah, you know, you're right.
It doesn't matter.
You're 50 years old, but you have like internet native
personality and you have media skills
and social media skills, video editing skills.
If you have all of that, please reach out.
- Yeah, no friends in real life.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- If all you do is go on the internet and make jokes.
- Yeah.
- That you're our guy or girl.
- Yeah, we're looking to hire someone or some work.
- Yes, just reach out jobs at tomorrow at Zoom.
- Terminal dot shop.
- Terminal dot shop, something.
Just DMS, find a way.
Life finds a way.
If you're really serious.
- You're on the internet, you can figure it out.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wait a minute, are we recording?
- Yeah, we've been recording.
- Okay, the button looks different.
I think Riverside changed the button
and that just terrified me.
Like, I'm not gonna spend 30 minutes talking to Dax
if it's not content.
- Well, that's kind of what I'm saying.
Like, if we're gonna spend seven days together,
we might as well.
- We might as well.
- Yeah, it really does.
Okay, is there not other stuff coming on?
I feel like there's more stuff.
I feel like the AI stuff,
there's just, we didn't really talk about the image model.
How much you've played with it?
What are your thoughts on?
It's another example of the zeitgeist being so intense.
Every time something catches fire now,
it's like literally every post on Twitter.
It's nuts.
But what are your thoughts on the new image thing?
- I think, I posted something today that I,
I think it helped me clarify a feeling really intensely,
which was kind of cool.
So I saw a bunch of posts being like,
by the way, I hate these.
I was advocating for the death penalty
for people that post like this.
They were like, it's so over, we're cooked.
Like graphic designers are cooked.
They don't even know what's coming.
- Oh, right.
- A bunch of those threads,
the showing like, hey, product photography,
and they were able to like, make a model holding in.
And like, look like professional-ish photography.
I don't really have an eye for it,
so I don't know if it actually did.
They're talking about how graphic designers are like,
or designers in general should be threatened by this model.
So I started playing with it for some UI stuff.
And I did some, it was pretty interesting.
So I like, gave it an image of something that I liked,
like the vibe of something that I liked.
And I was like, hey, create a paragraph.
Or even before I did that, I was just like,
hey, based off of this, like,
show me what a UI kit based off of this vibe would look like.
I put a button, a dialogue, check boxes.
- Yeah.
- And like, drew something that was
kind of interesting, like not incredible,
but like, you know, it was, it did match it.
Then I tried saying, hey, describe the vibe
that this image captures in like a paragraph
that describes me in detail.
And it did a really good job with that.
And I iterated and I was like, okay,
strip all color information, strip all specifics.
And it gave me like a really good description
of what I liked about this image
that I couldn't really articulate myself.
And then I would use that as a prompt
to generate other stuff in that same style,
which again was like interesting,
like better than stuff that I'd seen before.
Definitely helps me play with ideas I have on my own.
But then at the end, I was like, you know what?
I just still want to hire a designer.
I just want to hire a designer
that is just better than me at this stuff.
And I only have so much creative energy in a day.
There's so much to do, so many things that I'm trying to do.
Someone is better than me at this.
I just want to continue to pay them to do this.
And their tools might change their process change and whatever.
But that crown page that David did, which looks amazing.
- So good.
- Incorporated a bunch of AI generated imagery into it
mixed with the traditional skills.
Also, the ability just to prompt that image
into existence is better than mine.
- Yeah, that page really to me is an example of like,
AI is not doing this.
It also can't do the Devs side, just so you know.
I mean, like there's, I tried.
There's pieces of it that could get right,
but like getting those lines in the word cron
in the background on desktop, unbelievably hard.
The number of layers of tricks,
because you don't have like native,
you can't do those like inner shadows on text natively in CSS.
So there's like a lot of tricks being done to implement it.
But the design itself, like that's just an example of like,
if you don't have David's brain,
you're not making that like not that quality.
- Yep, like I, this tool gave me 10x ability
that I had before is still like a thousand x away
from anything that he can do.
And I was like, okay, that's interesting
because I wonder if people feel that way
about software engineers, where they're like,
oh, cool, this helps me get further
and like try stuff out before I even go to the person
that's good at this, which is useful and valuable.
But ultimately like, I just felt the desire
to continue to hire for this.
Like I still, I'm so designed but like bottlenecks
with so much stuff I want to do.
I have to always a bottleneck.
And despite that, the AI thing is still not
making a huge difference for me.
Like I just still need a person that's good at it
to hit the bar that I'd like to clear.
- No, I hear you.
I don't think of it.
Yeah, I wasn't thinking in terms of design.
I think it's more like,
there's a few things that are asking to me.
Like memes and media, just the quality of them increasing.
Like the ability to be more creative.
Seeing like when people, early on,
people are turning like the president
and the vice president and Zelensky in the room,
turning them into like South Park characters or Muppets.
It's just funny.
Like I enjoy that it can do that kind of thing.
I know that's like one off anecdotal
and it's flashing the pan.
Maybe it's just the moment on Twitter that was funny.
But it does feel like it raised this like possibility
of being more creative in the way we express things visually.
That's exciting to me.
And I think like, I mean, I've wanted to build a game forever.
We've talked about this.
I think the idea of like building sprites and stuff
for a game.
- Yes, that's huge.
- I would love to do something like that.
And it's just, it's too hard to like hire somebody
for something that's like a side project.
You're just gonna settle around with it.
It's not a real job.
And it's gonna take way too much time
to like have somebody just doing it with you.
It's just like, it opens up those kind of possibilities
that are very exciting.
But I don't even know, I mean, I'm not tried.
I don't know that it really can.
It just seems like it could maybe.
- Yeah, I was talking to AJ about this morning.
This idea of induced demand.
Like if you, there's this like classic economic phenomena
where if you have a highway and it's just full of traffic
all the time and you can double the lanes,
it continues to be full of traffic all the time.
It doesn't actually make anything go faster.
- Yeah.
- Cause of induced demand, there's like hidden demand
basically that gets like once there's more capacity
like it shows up.
- Yeah, with a lot of this stuff, like it's not like
you're replacing something you're currently doing.
It's more that you now do a new thing
that that would otherwise exist before.
- And our work jar is just gonna be continued.
It's gonna continue to be filled up.
It's a liquid.
It will expand to fill.
- Yeah.
- Or is that gas out?
- I don't think liquid's do that.
- Whatever.
(both laughing)
Maybe gas.
I don't know something.
Something expands fills up containers.
- I think it's a gas.
Yeah, it doesn't make sense.
- Yeah, it makes sense.
- Oh, man.
Yeah, I don't know.
I thought the image thing was exciting.
The more exciting thing I think is,
there's not more exciting,
but the more interesting observation is just how inflamed
Twitter can get so quickly.
Not inflamed like in an angry way.
Just like how pervasive stuff can spread.
And I wonder like, is that all of Twitter?
Is it just our little circle that gets like that?
Does the whole of Twitter?
'Cause it feels like every post on Twitter right now
is the same stuff.
And it's just like so infectious.
- Yeah.
- It's a rare moment where something crosses
all the bubbles in Twitter.
And I think that's what this thing was past week.
I think it was like.
- I did, just to find everybody.
Yeah.
- That said, I saw someone make like a crazy compilation
video of all the images.
And there was a bunch of stuff that was clear
from outside of our circle,
but like a lot of it was from inside of our circle.
So it probably wonders if there's like this tech,
in terms of Twitter, X, whatever in general,
I think the authorship from our bubble is really high.
That is like a, like there's a lot of content being produced
from people in our bubble.
- Our little bubble.
- Yeah.
- That gets consumed by the overall, overall one.
Yeah, it was crazy.
It's fun once over that happens.
- You're saying maybe us tech centric folk
were the main characters maybe?
- I'll take it.
- I think a little bit on X
just cause like stuff is just shifting more.
Like tech in general is there's people who are central
to people's lives.
Yeah, that's another part of it probably.
The only community still standing.
- But yeah, it's cool and stuff like that happens.
I can't, I think what was like the last time.
- The last big thing was MCP.
- No, no, no, something like that was like crossed.
- Oh, crossed over to normal Twitter.
- You mean like a post from someone in our circles that like.
- No, not just like a trend like this thing
where like all of Twitter were just talking about the same thing.
- Well, there was the single word thing, right?
- Single, that's just like a single word thing.
- Or the actual companies.
- Yeah.
Yeah, that was probably the last one I can remember
and bite into we did.
What a heat tweet.
- Freedom or something.
I don't know, something America.
Something America would claim is like uniquely us.
- Democracy maybe.
I don't know.
- I don't remember what it was.
- Something like that.
- I don't know.
- That was pretty crazy.
- I did think of one other thing and then I lost it
but it was important.
No, it wasn't.
That's setting a bad expectation.
Shoot.
But I don't mean, I can't even read my eyes are not great.
I can't even read how long we've been on here.
Is it like people's eyes are rolling right now?
They're so tired of listening to us.
- No.
- Can you tell how long?
- It's only been 51 minutes.
- I'm gonna have to make the text bigger.
I'm getting old.
- Oh my God, Adam.
- I know, I'm sorry.
Oh, there we go.
I made it bigger.
- Oh, sure it was.
- Yeah, okay.
Whatever.
I can't remember.
I feel like it was important.
Something going on this week.
Oh, I was gonna ask, yeah.
Just, I've been traveling.
A little unplugged.
A little focused on very specific things.
How's the like world politics
or even just American politics?
How's that whole situation looking?
Anything crazy?
I feel like if I've been unplugged for a week,
I've missed some crazy shit probably.
- Yeah, the tariff situation continues
to like turn back and forth.
I will say relative to the previous couple of weeks
has been kind of quiet.
Nothing like crazy incendiary.
- Okay.
- The tariff situation continues to be like back and forth.
Like, you can actually just,
if you just want to catch up,
just go look at the S&P chart for like the best.
(laughing)
But you can see how the fixed chart won't stop that.
Like, oh, turns out the tariffs are less bad than we thought.
And then it was like, nope.
Today again, you know, back to chaos.
Yeah, Trump said something today about like,
automakers should not increase their prices
because of tariffs.
I'm like, that's not how things work.
- Like corporations should stop seeking profits now.
- It's like, isn't that, is that how the other side says?
I'm like confused.
It just, both sides are just like in favor of price controls.
So now that's like causing a bunch of confusion.
- I am so biased now because I've taken all of my money
out of the market.
- Oh, so you want to see it burn?
- A small portion of it is betting on a downturn.
- Yeah.
- So there's like crazy feedback where I'm just like,
I want, I want, I want to get worse.
I want to get worse.
- Crash and burn.
I've been in that situation.
- I'm happy with my portfolio today since looking green
for me, red for everyone else.
- The VIX is quite up.
A lot of volatility.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Names.
- Another thing is Robinhood.
Man, I have grown to really love Robinhood as a company.
- Oh, yeah?
- And I've like gone back and forth on this over the years.
So I'm, I just came out.
- That's all in that.
- Yeah, exactly.
- They came out as like a free stock trading app
in a time where everything, you know,
you paid per commission is pretty expensive.
And it was like a mass market thing, right?
They got a ton of people using it.
The reality is, is most people shouldn't be trading stocks
like that.
- Yeah, right.
- They're not really like massively successful from that angle.
But in terms of adoption, it was hugely successful.
And they've just slowly been adding and expanding
into other areas.
And they'd execute really well.
Like their products are well designed.
They feel good.
They work well.
- Yeah.
- And they're taking over my financial life at this point.
So they put out a credit card.
And I canceled my AMX Platinum which I've had for years.
And I switched to theirs.
Cause I'm just tired of all the AMX Platinum.
It's like, you have these like 29 benefits
and they change every year and make sure you're signed up
for them.
Oh, by the way, these other deals here
that don't get applied automatically have to pick them.
Oh, convert your points.
And like, you know, it's five X you put on travel.
It's just like so confusing.
- You've got to like, you've got to like subscribe
to the nerd wallet newsletter to be able to like
know anything about how to use all those benefits.
- Yep.
It's a, it's a whole thing.
And if you're not doing that,
you're probably like not getting that much benefit
maybe even losing money.
- Yeah.
- When you compare to the.
- It's like 500 something right here.
- You're going up.
It keeps going up.
And I think the final straw for me was I was telling someone
like, oh man, I just have all these audible credits
that I never use cause I don't really listen to audio books.
But you know, it's an AMX benefit.
So I have not all the count.
They're like, man, like AMX canceled that like two years ago.
Like you just been paying for it for no reason.
(laughing)
And I was just like, okay, I'm done with this.
And then Robin Hood has a gold cart and it's physically gold.
Nice and solid, middle physically.
It's not, that's not literal gold.
It looks gold.
- Yeah, yeah, just looks gold.
I love, did I tell you gold's my favorite color?
I finally figured this out.
It's almost pretty as well.
Yeah.
Anyway, keep down.
- Well, you should get it then.
- I should.
- 3% cashback on everything.
- So it's just a credit card?
You don't have like an account with them.
Like a bank account, it's just a credit card.
- Well, he, well, that's what I was going with it.
So I signed up for that 3% cashback,
very straightforward, great app, great experience,
has all the stuff amazing.
Then they announced yesterday,
they were launching a bank and they're launching
a mobile advisor.
So I mean, I just pull all my money out.
I just said it from Wealthfront.
But if I ever, when I put it back in,
I'm just going to use Robin.
I'm going to use their mobile advisor.
- Okay.
- I use Mercury, which is great.
And I have a lot of business needs.
So I don't know if I'll use their bank,
but you know, theoretically, I will just use their bank.
I think I would just use them for everything.
And then now it's this hilarious feature,
which sounds like such a bad idea.
But as someone that's been using these like,
new modern banks for a while now,
there's just a cute pain point that you just always need cash.
Like there's always situations where someone only takes cash,
or you're paying for something in cash, you need cash.
And so same, you have to go in ATM and like, do whatever.
Robin just bank announced.
It's effectively Uber for cash.
You can like order a cash and someone drops it off
at your house.
And it just seems like a horrible idea.
Cause it's like, okay, but that is random person knows
that you have like thousands of like, it just, it feels weird.
Like it doesn't feel safe.
Maybe it's a rational, but.
- Is it actual Uber drivers?
Or it's different?
- It's their own like, it's their own network, I think.
- Yeah.
- Of whatever.
Maybe they're probably someone for this, but.
- I can't think of a single Uber driver I've had
that I would want to deliver me cash.
- And like, are they targets themselves?
Because people know that they have cash.
- So are they having around in a cold car?
- You know, like Robin had written on the side, like.
- Yeah, it's like those, are they driving in those like,
you know, those ATM trucks?
- Oh, like a Brinks maybe.
- Yeah, they're going to make a little more sense.
- I would feel a little better.
- Yeah.
- Gee.
- I bet this is only in major cities.
This is the kind of thing I won't hear about.
Neo's actually like five.
- No, no, no, no.
By the way, when I first moved to Miami,
we get like GTA headlines all the time.
This is one of the first ones.
One of the drivers of that truck locked himself
in the back by accident and just started shooting.
- What?
- You started shooting at the lock from inside trying to,
like he's panicked.
And so people were just like.
- Oh my word.
- Three gunshots around this ATM vehicle,
but which is like a guy dropping side.
- He's just trying to get out.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, just trying to shoot the lock.
- Couldn't that like ricochet or something?
I don't know.
- Yeah, I think it was really dangerous.
- Gee, it was okay, but.
- But yeah, I guess it's better than suffocating.
Go down, that's a bullet wound.
Geez.
- Okay, I love the Robin Hood website.
I'm sorry, I'm just so distracted
'cause everything is gold and I just love gold.
- Yeah, they execute really well.
And I love this thing where they enter the market
with this like kind of weird product
and you just never would have guessed where they went.
And I just love this.
I just don't know how companies
are gonna eventually make money.
Like, no, I don't think anyone would have really guessed
that they're gonna launch a credit card,
they're gonna launch all these things
and their brand is gonna be very strong so they can do it.
- Yeah, they just kind of became,
yeah, they became this brand
that like the younger generation associates
with financial everything.
- Yeah.
- Very smart.
- Yeah, it's well executed, takes a long time
and they've been through ups and downs,
like they had all that trouble with the GameStop situation.
- Oh, they had trouble with that?
- Yeah, remember they shut down trays
and they were like kind of insolvent on something
and they had to like get a quick,
like a big cash infusion from--
- Oh, I didn't know this.
- There's a bunch of chaos with it.
- Okay.
- Yeah, I'm a big fan of their products.
They're giving away a thousand gold bars.
- Oh my word, that's so cool.
- Oh man, it looks so cool too.
- I love gold, not like actual gold, but the color.
And I guess gold bars are the actual color,
so I love them too.
- You know what's funny?
I think that's actually a very not white trait,
loving gold.
- Oh really?
I've decided like white and gold,
like the combination of white and gold
is just like, it does it for me, man.
- Nice.
- In terms of a color, like combination
or just it's mostly the gold,
but anything that they put like gold foil on or something,
ugh, love it.
I just want that, whatever it is,
unless it's like a steak.
- Just give me that.
- That's good to say.
What about this?
Come down in Miami, they'll put gold
on whatever you want.
- Oh, I'm sure, yeah, yeah.
Well now you should get a necklace as you'd like to say.
(laughing)
- That's not so sad, is Casey,
watch that episode when I wore it,
and she's like, we're just a silver girly.
Like you need to wear the color silver.
Gold is not for you, and I think it's true.
I think gold doesn't look good on me.
So that's why the--
- Oh really?
- Yeah, I think so.
If it would have been a silver necklace,
I might have pulled it off.
- Yeah, that's maybe why I say it's not so much.
Like I feel like not white people love gold, okay?
- Not white people.
- Here's a funny thing.
Indian people love gold, like--
- Oh really?
- To like a weird degree, like to like a,
it's like a, like a dragon hoarding gold degree.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- When I was little, we went to Singapore,
and I remember the trip,
'cause my parents bought me a Game Boy color on that trip.
- I remember playing the Game Boy color.
- Oh, take it back.
- But I also remember we were at some store,
and my parents just bought a bunch of gold coins
in like, they were just like acquiring physical gold.
Like not jewelry, I think some jewelry,
but they were just like,
they got like a sack of gold coins.
And they were just like, yes,
this is something we're gonna buy gold coins.
- That is awesome.
I want a sack of gold coins.
(laughing)
- There you go.
So yeah, brown people, we love gold, we hoard it.
- Poor gold.
- Mid the gold discussion.
I switched over to the Twitter tab,
and I just saw where Prime and the Replit founder
are having an interaction.
It's quite funny.
- Oh, did he respond?
Yeah.
- That guy's so abatable.
I'm so excited.
(laughing)
No, we're not getting the pockets.
I wanna see what it is first.
- Prime saying it was this first interaction with him,
but it wasn't great.
And he's like, it's not the first time
you did a whole video about me.
- Right, what?
I don't know.
Should I read all this?
It's on Twitter, it's public.
- Where is it?
- It feels weird.
- I don't see.
- It's a reply to my tweet.
Okay, so the CEO, Amjad replied to me.
(laughing)
Wait, what?
What happened with that?
- Dude, just quote tweeted my thing going,
what's a Replit?
Never heard of it.
(laughing)
- I love David.
- Oh, I love it.
Nah, just TJ.
Did he do the last one?
- No, Prime responded to him.
So this is where Prime responded to him,
and then it goes on from there.
- I see, let's give this away.
This is my first interaction I had with the internet.
(laughing)
Open Source Project, destroyed by legal threats.
- Okay, I've talked about this situation
more than I'd like, if I'm being honest.
I just stated a fact, listen, I'm not,
I didn't say a single negative thing about this company.
I just said I literally don't know what it is
or know anyone that uses it, that's all.
It's not even negative.
It's just, maybe it's not for developers.
Is it not for developers, is it for other people?
Is it so VCs can build their own ideas?
- Is what?
A Replit?
- Yeah.
- Is it the product is?
I just don't know what it is.
But I feel like if it was for developers,
I feel like I would actually know what it was
because developers would be using it
and I would know about it, right?
- I think it's, I think broadly it makes sense.
It's like, what if we built like a full unified vision
for someone brand new to programming,
get them going to fully deployed?
Like everything from education to like development
to hosting all of that, like it's a full, full featured thing.
- Gotcha.
- I would say it's like for developers.
It's just, I think it helps grow the pool of developers
that exist and they've had to like pivot,
obviously with the AI stuff to know
how much, like what does that look like?
But, I don't know, I just know that CEO is a hot head
and he's always like saying all this crazy, crazy stuff.
And he gets upset pretty easily.
- Good to know.
Wish I would have known that before I tweeted.
- I really thought you did that 'cause you saw my thing
'cause for me, I knew he was like that
and I knew he was gonna like jump on it.
I knew it was gonna be something too.
- No, you told me that you tweeted something
and then I found it but I didn't know you had before that.
- Yeah, we're all just, we're all just
(laughing)
terminal versus replit.
You know what, I'm gonna DM him for a sponsorship.
Hey, do you guys want us fun?
(laughing)
- Nobody would do that coming.
That's effective marketing right there.
(laughing)
We did it, we did another episode.
This podcast isn't gone yet.
You thought you could get rid of us?
- Uh-uh, we're back after a week's off.
- That's funny.
- I'm making it sound like we just took three months.
(laughing)
- It feels that way.
- Can't wait to see whatever this is gonna be animated as.
People aren't gonna have to look at our faces.
They're gonna look at some kind of cartoon.
I bet we look so good here right now.
Do you have any requests?
- Rick and Morty.
- Rick and Morty, okay.
Yeah, that'd be fun.
(laughing)
We'll do that.
I'm doing Rick and Morty.
All right, this is gonna be fun.
- All right.
- All right, see ya.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)
- You see, Mr. Powers.
I love gold.
The look of it, the taste of it,
the smell of it, the texture.
I love gold so much
that I even lost my genitalia in an unfortunate
smelting accident.
Hence the name.
- Gold member.
(upbeat music)